Innovator: Agreed.
Teacher: Fair.
Skeptic: Then we should not expand beyond the pilot until that’s complete.
Policy-Maker: Data governance remains the gap: DPIA and record‑keeping.
Facilitator: Before we close—any unresolved blocks?
Skeptic: I'll review for cognitive offloading risks.
Student: I'll ask my friends what confuses them.
Teacher: I'll try the script with my class and gather feedback.
Policy-Maker: I'll draft the escalation RACI and start the DPIA.
Innovator: I'll push the Canvas prototype today.
Facilitator: Actions: 1) Draft plain‑language notice; 2) Define escalation route; 3) Incident form; 4) DPIA plan.
Student: Good. Tell us that in the notice.
Teacher: If something feels unsafe, I will report to the DSL under KCSIE.
Policy-Maker: Incident reporting is a duty. We'll add a form.
Skeptic: And we log incidents, right?
Innovator: Done.
Student: Also add an emoji summary?
Facilitator: Noted. Two versions: KS3 and KS4.
Teacher: You’ve misunderstood my concern—reading level must be age‑appropriate.
Innovator: Prototype by Friday; RACI next week.
Policy-Maker: We still need documentation.
Skeptic: If opt‑out is easy and oversight is real, I'm on board.
Student: Yes, and add a toggle to opt‑out.
Teacher: That works. I'll test the script in mentor circle.
Facilitator: Bridge proposal: 'scaffold not cage'—we start small, explain clearly, and measure impact with students.
Innovator: We can ship the notice without waiting, right?
Student: Same.
Teacher: I don't know what a DPIA is, sorry.
Policy-Maker: We haven't completed a DPIA yet. Model card is draft.
Skeptic: Where is the DPIA? If there’s no Data Protection Impact Assessment this is risky.
Facilitator: So: pilot in one subject, clear escalation route, publish a notice. Anything else?
Innovator: Agreed. Start with retrieval practice only, then expand.
Skeptic: Until oversight is real, we should limit use to low‑risk prompts.
Policy-Maker: Possibly, but roles need documenting. We can draft a RACI after this.
Teacher: Could the DSL be first line? Then senior leader on call?
Student: Who do we email if the bot is creepy?
Policy-Maker: Escalation path is unclear. Manual review by a person must be defined.
Facilitator: Good. Question: who is the human‑in‑the‑loop when responses go wrong?
Teacher: To be clear, I need something I can read aloud in two minutes.
Innovator: Guardian rails, not a cage. Can we prototype a notice inside Canvas?
Skeptic: That's not what I said. I'm not anti‑AI—I want guard rails.
Student: Please no jargon. Just tell us what data you keep and how to turn it off.
Innovator: There’s potential for personalised support. But we need to make it explainable to users, not a black box.
Skeptic: I worry about cognitive offloading and inequity. If we add another tool, who monitors harm?
Policy-Maker: Transparency is a duty. The EU AI Act requires accessible information to affected persons. Let's use plain-language examples.
Teacher: I like the focus on a clear model notice. Students ask me all the time what the chatbot records.
Facilitator: Welcome everyone. Today we need concrete next steps. Our aim is a plain-language model notice so families actually understand what the AI does.
WEBVTT